***Written Summary***

If Roze understands these sciences then he would better understand the totality of his current understanding of his reality shared with others in this world. 
In the past and in the future of all human senses. This is the culmination of known elements and materials being logged into our digital or actual databases. 
Now the object is to make it perfectly humane and habitable. So every piece of scientific modification, tracking, methods is with us for teams to incorporate. 
Medical, forensic science, psychology, chemical, biological, photobiological, biochemical, physics, physiological, sonar, thermal, radar, echo sounds, finders, 
navigation, synthetic aperture, acoustics, reflection seismology and nanotechnologies. To get a better picture of what kind of power we have as a human race 
to monitor potential life outcomes of the entire human population as a whole as it deals with the murderer on a daily basis and we are forced to live 
alongside these criminals that can take our lives at any moment. These technologies can find any material of certain previously determined compounds under 
the water and can detect a variety of other elements thousands of meters away in real-time which is actual. Human bodies have distinct solids stored in 
ourselves for the rest of our natural lives that solidify, this is the current medical standpoint. Roze can lead a perfect, personal nutritional livelihood 
and I can proceed to exercise everyday, this is where these ideas first began to take shape in order to monitor my health, 24/7/365. Vibrant Health. I can 
then shape what kind of body I want with my nutrition and fully know my current health day to day to better protect myself from any infliction. Because I had 
to cut sum pleasure meals out and eliminate them completely. Our technology capabilities can be incorporated into any pair of Nike shoes that have digital 
trackers and your Apple Watch can take an ECG, blood oxygen level, heartbeat, blood pressure and weight. What this system can do is find a specific, 'minute 
compound of any certain mineral or chemical or element through any structure and any, 'body of of human knowledge,' that is currently known. Any type of 
chemical form can be found at any given time. I am the man who originally thought of WhatsApp. This is the same idea if there is a digital signal there is a 
way to communicate with other digital devices and receive information. With the power of these listed technologies, sonar and all of its related technologies 
along with all of the human race's amount of mobile technologies, digital antennas. We can together be able to discern what is necessary in order to defeat 
violence, murder and rape. We already have a vast collection of electronic devices at hand, old and new. Once you complete all of a digital machine's logical 
properties. The next step is to draw the natural and final computer scientists' progressions and conclusions. Then the scientist must update the system for a 
new age and dawn. Anything that is electronic can give a system digital information. In the same way all other sources of electronics can be used for and 
known for. Then with all of this available Roze can begin to build a complete map of all our jurisdictions and a criminal's potential actions with any kind 
of weapon. From this standpoint you have an entire digital-micro-scale world that is exactly like Roze's said present one at the same time in real-time which 
is our shared human reality in nature. Roze the scientist, can then locate any chemical substance and then proceed to successfully remove it from the planet 
Earth. Then our protectors who preserve our well being can fortify, with every precaution known to man then identify and prepare then eliminate the future 
human mortal problem. "Hang up every bootstrap." The human race is not meant to live alongside senseless death and violence, the logical conclusion is its 
phenomenological extinction. Now let Roze begin. For it is paramount. Which is a defining law of our computer science which is our logia. Once the object of 
the class is known it is saved, logged and organized into a digital data table. Meaning any whereabouts of all. Would always be known furthering drawing 
conclusions which individuals are prone to commit violent crimes with any form of human weapon that you can think of. As Roze is creating, 'Book Reals' 
with our human knowledge at hand which is imagery derived from my written language. To correctly understand our proximity to these murderers with weapons 
that can kill us at any given time. As persons use technology on a daily basis and 24/7/365. If their is a collection of people off the grid, it is also 
known further bringing to our attention what devices these 'kriminals have in their possession, on their person. Everywhere Roze finds digital technology 
it can then be expressed as nanotechnology. Antennas, personal phones, any form of digital structure forming a cohesive-neural-massive-global-digital net 
then we can have our government agencies correctly monitor our well-beings. As the United States already tracks and monitors us in totality, inside the 
NSA - National Security Agency. What we have here is this, a vast collection of data derived from the human population as it is a biological species, 
taxonimized and ontologically understood by the system. Which in turn you can localize to the governement database, give form to data sets and data groups, 
term and label each into different selected groups of nomenclature further meaning the NSA - National Security Agency can understand all of our whereabouts 
and what we do as citizens and what each American citizen will do in the future. So from this collection of data the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), 
FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation, Chicago Police Department have in their possession. They can basically, as I have said, know everything about every 
single person and what our life outcomes will be and any 'kriminal activity. You can then begin to make eliminations of stereotypes, human ideals, 
ideological conclusions that keep us from saving human lives in the fight for life or death. Our chosen leaders must narrow this down and this has been 
deemed a necessity. Furthermore with this collection of technologies the human race, presently has at hand. We can properly discern, 'minutely which 
particles, chemical elements the criminal has or will have. While we have our government agencies monitoring our daily practices, whereabouts, all of our 
human routines. We can effectively determine when murder will happen and to never have it take place, forever.

Now let us with our technologies at hand begin to formulate just how we would identify these types of chemical compounds and elements. What are the weapons 
made of, what are these, 'deadly weapons' composed of, what is the objects scientific properties and what has it in similarity between each of them and what 
is different between each weapon and if the object is a weapon or some other substance, composition or in fact not a weapon. For the system identifies what 
weapon it is which can be used to kill another person at any time. The system must locate by exactly what coordinates this certain weapon is located in our 
world, currently.

With these systems of technologies we have at hand, incorporated in this system on a global scale. The system would then begin to narrow the location down and 
then effectively pinpoint, 'the weapon' to locate to confiscate immediately and without question. This radar system can then display the, 'scientific 
composition data' of this deadly weapon, while saving it in a Microsoft database or a trusted database also chosen by our government agencies, the chosen 
informed protector would then see the definition of this weapon and where the deadly weapon is exactly located on the map which is an entire 
digital-micro-scale-exact-model of our present world that we all live in together as humans in Mother Gaia with the murderers, rapists and thieves. 
This will be displayed digitally across any form of technologies our government agencies have to receive this type of digital information. With this digital 
net created and in definition being viewed with this system as I have previously described we would then together as one, would be able to locate this deadly 
weapon, quite factually, in real-time and eliminate any other forms of human knowledge, which means separating the weapons scientific composition from the 
rest of the scientific determination, then you can label and save this deadly weapon in the chosen database in order to locate it- straight away. This system 
would display exactly where to go and confiscate this weapon from the criminal meaning our chosen protectors would be able to remove this weapon from its 
location and the victim then would no longer withstand mortal harm.

This computer code translation would be to establish the digital net using various antennas and technologies. Proceeding to select a human to perform a scan 
on its brain because these are where these thoughts come from. The more digital signals that there are, the greater the strength of transmissions and 
receptions. Further meaning all that is known, can be represented with our digital technology and this is very important and urgent. That what is to be 
known and what is to happen in the future and when a criminal will attack a victim committing crime and bodily harm and the victim has no defense and will 
proceed to take the pain and the human suffering that this crime entails and there is no help for this helpless, defenseless victim in our society at this 
time. Once again, with every digital net of communication between every piece of technology that there is and all of the different ways to communicate with 
technology and every technological capability we have at hand we can begin to merge these technological properties and can cause hybrid resolutions in time, 
in terms and in place of what the technological contributions are at hand. The main objective is to determine when and where a human will execute another 
human leaving nothing in doubt nor in the way of our chosen protectors vigilance. With this technology you would actually be able to determine if a human 
body enters a stage of unnatural and predetermined rigor-mortis and the noble rot and the decomposition that the human body is at this time, will be and 
is entering, showcasing. Further determining with this technology where the attackers or the multiple criminal attackers will be and where they will be 
coming from and for this very victim that is displaying the common distress.

Now we are beginning to get to the heart of the matter. The very purpose that is this system that I have laid out and designed for the very best 
technological capabilities. We have here is the representation, the collection of the amount we have gathered, saved in a correct data table and various
other forms of human retrieve, human preservation and human data logging. First you must take the overall. Roze must correctly represent the 
entire world in a digital manner. This cohesive-neural-net of digital signals, forming what can be termed an immersive, grand scale, realtime,
exact model on a micro-scale or a large-scale to be interpreted by our machines, by our computers. Now this system has to build many receptors, 
many data collecters, many data gatherers and many digital centers with these forms of data retrieval. Other than building new systems of technology
that is placed in every dark corner of planet earth with our airplanes and our boats. What do we exactly have at our dispose, now? Every second a phone
is sending a signal to a antenna, paid for and built by a telecommunications company offering cell phone service. This system can effectively 
represent the entire state of Illinois, with all of their personal phones each American citizen has on them and if it is either off or on, it does not
matter in this tune, in this wavelength, in this form of digital communication is what we are after. Think of one phone, it can give this system, a
good-size general overall net of digital awareness of its surrounding and what is in the world, that is the chemical makeup. All Roze and his team would
have to do is program a new software update that would work with American citizen's phone antenna and the "Base," the "Base" representing what the team
has built with our Radar, Sonar, Thermal and all of our related technologies that we have incorporated and every form of technological hybrid that gives
the best encompassing in realtime digital net we can possibly think of and can use in the real world. Everyday this one phone can give us information
about another, body, in its radius and give us digital information of what it exactly has on its pursen. Even this chromebook I am using can recieve ongoing
software updates and give a general censensus of what individuals in the Uptown Branch of the Chicago Public Library have on their pursen and the digital
signal that is a circle could even strech on for a couple blocks and interact with another digital signal. Digital Signals && Antennas, relating the digital
info back to the "Base." Where the base recieves the data, saves the data and displays the data in order to view it by the chosen protector. And by design
this "Base" would monitor the same as the phone would and there would be many bases that we could build across Illinois and the USA as a whole. Even
turning all of the antennas the telecommunication companies, the very large and tall ones that they have into another, "Base." How far ranging of a signal
can that one phone give to this system? The digital solution would be to incorporate, multiply and add the commutative properties that is all of these 
different phone signals into one giant representation, resounding, recursive, recalling, culminative, reproducing, reforming, 
large neural-digital-radar-sonar-thermal(related etc.) Net. So now imagine the amount of phone signals we have at all time and how these signals are 
communicating with the different variety of "Bases." This system would have the ability to monitor anything at any time and at all times. 24/7/365 and by
design would get stronger, more fluent and better active and more clear as time goes on with multiple software updates. Because the signals, transmissions,
receptions, recievers by their very definition are quantitative by design.

The greatest purpose the greatest desperate use that you can achieve with this technology system. Is the ability to divide human organisms down to their 
chemical, biological, even metaphysical manifolds, their human understood totality that it is currently in a human understood representation. This meaning 
what is divided, what is seen and understood can be demonstrated then medically and ontologically logged into our chosen data system. Further meaning can 
the scientist understand how long the human organism has lived for and can it understand how much longer the human organism can live for. Roze can begin to 
decipher what it means to live until a human being's natural causes take hold and we achieve a natural and rather timely death, which is our own. For example
we can gauge how long a fish can live for down to the exact amount of days. We are beginning to determine this same thing as a medical community and how 
long a man can in fact live for as long as he can and until his 70's, 80's and into the 90's is rare but as we have moved throughout history as a human 
organism we are beginning to live longer and Roze believes that is because we no longer have as many threats to our living lives anymore than we did before 
when it was, survival of the fittest. When you begin to take-in a human organism, the patient-what have you, there is two points, A && B. Point A, representing 
where the human organism has lived before and how long it has lived up until this current time, of the data-scientific-specific-example that this unit of 
measurement has been taken. Point B, representing the human organisms natural course and how long we as a medical community and with forensic, well-being, 
insight and precept will continue on and into the future, which is our collective futures at hand. For example, this man only has about 4 to 5 years to live 
and his wife will die soon after he does and both, sadly, of natural causes which is their own right, and they both lived long and full lives as scientifically 
and medically expected. As I have previously said before, our human organism existing does not stop at the hands, feet and skull of the head and which what 
that is naked to the human eye but what is happening in our scientifically understood, scientifically now determined darkness and is the natural order, with 
the nature of light, rays, atoms, dust, once again an organism comes into the path of our other bodies either animate or in-animate and what is this exact response 
to this, order of things, that the human organism must perform in order to live a natural living-life amongst others, us human organisms currently living as 
one and in the present. We can then judge decomposition and rigor mortis and the noble rot with this system, that is only achieved by natural causes the human 
organism follows this path, mind you, or if you take your drug-use very seriously and shorten your natural living life and that is your personal choice or your 
a stunt-man. But to begin to get to the heart of the matter that is at hand. You have, (1) human organism, that has has its manifolds in totality, measured 
and its Point A && Point B has been digitally categorized as, nine and twenty years old and will live naturally until somewhere into his 80's but if he takes 
it serious with, substance abuse, I will shorten it, but I have been sober for over six years now and used to smoke weed everyday for about ten years before 
that, quite simply. Now what this technology system will also realize is this, '(1), will achieve an un-natural form of human decomposition happening in the 
next 4-8 days because of (2)' the reason being is because another human organism, (2), is approaching and exalting justice for example multiple verbal assaults, 
or (1) is representing a greater cause that goes against (2)the public murderer, the rapist and the thieves, or is a perfect example of human prey and has its 
guard down and is lying in wait, (2) is now a well-known-notorious-drug-fueled-crazed-lunatic-murderer that is hell-bent on earning what, (1)'s body, equates 
to in the amount of coin it is worth rather than the love it shall hold for its family. Human organism(1) is also categorized as having a clean record and a 
conceal to carry a firearm and has a rather expensive, hard to comeby, commodity and is proceeding to protect its own and other human organisms that it is 
biologically related to, known as its loving family and their loved ones. The local police department Chicago Police Department, the FBI – Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, the U.S. Marshals, the Cook County Sheriff's Office (Official), United States Secret Service, and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) would 
then be notified of these disturbances to the well being of this human organism, '(1).' So it would continue to live-on and until a natural form of rigor mortis, 
decomposition, and the noble rot takes place rather than the unnatural, and human decisive topical causes, are 'bout to be exalted upon thee and it, by human 
organism '(2),' the well-known and famous, Murderer and a. For example decomposition looks different in water because it is under the influence of different 
forms of light rather than the ground, the grave we sleep beside in comparison at night.

Now what we have developed over the centuries that we so shall have lived, reincarnated once more because Hinduism is a form of physical mathematics 
and a human science. Roze is in touch with these forms of informations, that is the human spirit being expressed outside of our bodies. In the real 
world in a distinction of what I have termed, as 'escopals.' All you must do to invoke one of these spirits drawn from our human metaphysical consiousness 
is this, think of what you have read in a book and in the outside world you may see some beautiful art filled expression further telling Roze's common 
human understanding and any one can be seen at any time and you can see this and we are in fact communicating with these outside world, Mother Gaia, 
expressions and it is related to the grave as well as the Heavens, the utopia of it all. What we have here in a photobiological manner is a term I like 
to call, vertaaaxes in incorporates the physical world with science. Because we invoked these scientific properties and we must scientifically determine 
what these reactions mean to us the photobiological organism experiencing all sciences known to man in express. What I am getting here at is this. 
We are not only represented by flesh, blood and bone, we are in fact represented in other manners that only scientific tools determining light and our 
complete biological organisms moving around this world. These perimeters do not end at our feed and at our head nor our hands. These personal human radii 
continue on for at least 20-30 feet each way around us in circumcision further determining just how our organisms coexist in this world of ours. So the 
example comes up a fish that is very small but the feelers, the bio-genetic extra colours, whiskers, furs, extra camouflage additives given to the species 
there is more than what meets the eye and it takes on this different scientific concern. More meaning that I am not only a human organism that I can see 
but with this scientific technology system I am building that you can see here we can in fact determine many other things the naked eye cannot possibly 
see and what these machines will see is in fact the totality of the human species, rather singular and amongst other bodies. How each will interact with 
another and what in fact interactions will take place and have even taken place.

Neurologically we can scientifically determine if a pursen wants to kill another Pursen and is approaching and will commit the heavy handed and powerful 
criminal acts leading to death at any time. Hell-bent. If we can judge body temperature with Thermography we can see the inner-workings of the human brain 
and how we Assembla our common human thinking patterns and our collected memories. We can discover which of us apart from the human species that is grouped 
all together as one and separate those humans that we have specifically determined human emotions that lead to criminal actions and have proven criminal 
history of abuse towards others.  Foucault-MRI.

Look at these technology systems that we have around us and which is what we can then derive necessarily from it. What processes do we know going further 
and what kind of system that this is designed to do becomes part of the greater picture at hand and to us digitally. When this is the upmost importance 
this is the guide, this is the route, this is the data process that we need to derive and then simply implement it in this system that Roze has designed. 
With the technology processes of the infrared and thermal. Let us take how it defines weapons and displays them quite so, before us. So us humans can 
view it than determine that it is in fact a weapon on the criminal, that is one way. Let us now derive from the medical equipment of what we have at our 
dispose and let the medical technology experts narrow down for us the exact digital process it takes to read a human mind and the ability to scan our 
emotions, yes the biological, chemical building blocks that make up the human mind and the rest of our bodies even. This technology system would then have 
the purpose, the determination and then proceed to derive the scientific method located in the MRI and even the X-Ray and any and all other related medical 
technologies that we have at our dispose, this will be the second way for us. Leading to a newly developed way and this is an already scientifically 
understood way of identifying human organisms with the inclusion of escopals, vartaxxes and what I have termed as vertebraces, this is two manifolds and 
this is how to scientifically measure an organism in its totality. First we discover how a human organism approaches a natural form of decomposition and 
rigor mortis. How many degrees can we measure this substantial scientific notation. For the next perhaps, 8 solid days a manifold. This scientific process 
would be to determine the light that has been shed from a human organism or the breaking down of our individual scientific properties. What exact scientific 
properties does this human organism take on and what does it lose in comparison to a normal living human species. As you can see the human being is living 
perfectly healthy and expected to live and then die onto natural causes this manifold. If it were to take on any disease these scientific human measurements 
would take on different human understood properties. Now once again, we draw these scientific conclusions of how we could determine an unnatural form of 
death the human will experience because before it was in a natural stasis of longevity without any physical harm from manifold to another manifold. This is 
killed or be killed. This is predatory vs. prey. This is everyone out for themselves. The organism would have and this is a must, be under the attack of 
the predator and it is soon to be closing in. When we take this scientific measurement the human being would be seen in example with an attacker approaching 
and then this human being would enter a different manifold which is a different form of scientific existence with different scientific understood properties. 
For example how a star dies. This predator would then begin to impression, disaster, disrupt the very fields surrounding and that make-up and have made, 
this perfect example of human prey and it would then slowly but surely end its life, in a way of means, in 6-8 days, in a variety of different ways, the 
most brutal grotesque way would be chosen. Now we have precept, this is our third way. In order to determine this we would take from the leading scientific 
teams this process and then of course implement it into this technology system so it can perform it in digital realtime and when it is ever so necessary. 
The next process that we need to derive from our leading technology teams that have expertise in any form of radar and sonar and any other form of our 
related technologies we have at hand. Label and determine the scientific logical processes of how this system relates to us, just how, it finds any chemical 
compound thousands of meters away then saves this DataSet and reports back to us where it exactly is, what it is then we derive then digitally implement 
this into our technology system, this is our fourth way. Then reverberate with every antenna that you see, with every 'Base' that we can build we can then 
implement this into our quantative-recievers-transmissive signals and we resound this repetitively exactly what the human population needs in order to save 
itself from predators with either their hands, heads, elbows and feets and any form of blunt object and any and all kinds of guns, explosives and 
nuclear warheads.

I want you to begin to think of the human body in the sense of how often and how constantly we are around, in the presence and within any form of technology.

***Project Management Milestones [Project Modules] Typeface***

• If Roze understands these sciences then he would better understand the totality of his current understanding of his reality shared with others in this 
  world.
  
• In the past and in the future of all human senses.

• This is the culmination of known elements and materials being logged into our digital or actual databases.

• Now the object is to make it perfectly humane and habitable.

• So every piece of scientific modification, tracking, methods is with us for teams to incorporate.

• Medical, chemical, biological, photobiological, biochemical, physics, physiological, sonar, thermal, radar, echo sounds, finders, navigation, 
  synthetic aperture, acoustics, reflection seismology and nanotechnologies.
  
• To get a better picture of what kind of power we have as a human race to monitor potential life outcomes of the entire human population as a 
  whole as it deals with the murderer on a daily basis and we are forced to live alongside these criminals that can take our lives at any moment.
  
• These technologies can find any material of certain previously determined compounds under the water and can detect a variety of other elements 
  thousands of meters away in real-time which is actual.
  
• Human bodies have distinct solids stored in ourselves for the rest of our natural lives that solidify, this is the current medical standpoint.

• Roze can lead a perfect, personal nutritional livelihood and I can proceed to exercise everyday, this is where these ideas first began to take 
  shape in order to monitor my health, 24/7/365. Vibrant Health. I can then shape what kind of body I want with my nutrition and fully know my current 
  health day to day to better protect myself from any infliction. Because I had to cut sum pleasure meals out and eliminate them completely.
  
• Our technology capabilities can be incorporated into any pair of Nike shoes that have digital trackers and your Apple Watch can take an ECG, blood 
  oxygen level, heartbeat, blood pressure and weight.
  
• What this system can do is find a specific, 'minute compound of any certain mineral or chemical or element through any structure and any, 'body of of 
  human knowledge,' that is currently known. Any type of chemical form can be found at any given time.
  
• I am the man who originally thought of WhatsApp. This is the same idea if there is a digital signal there is a way to communicate with other 
  digital devices and receive information. With the power of these listed technologies, sonar and all of its related technologies along with all of the 
  human race's amount of mobile technologies, digital antennas. We can together be able to discern what is necessary in order to defeat violence, murder 
  and rape. We already have a vast collection of electronic devices at hand, old and new. Once you complete all of a digital machine's logical properties. 
  The next step is to draw the natural and final computer scientists' progressions and conclusions. Then the scientist must update the system for a 
  new age and dawn. Anything that is electronic can give a system digital information. In the same way all other sources of electronics can be used 
  for and known for. Then with all of this available Roze can begin to build a complete map of all our jurisdictions and a criminal's potential 
  actions with any kind of weapon. From this standpoint you have an entire digital-micro-scale world that is exactly like Roze's said present one 
  at the same time in real-time which is our shared human reality in nature.
  
• Roze the scientist, can then locate any chemical substance and then proceed to successfully remove it from the planet Earth.

• Then our protectors who preserve our well being can fortify, with every precaution known to man then identify and prepare then eliminate the 
  future human mortal problem. "Hang up every bootstrap."
  
• The human race is not meant to live alongside senseless death and violence, the logical conclusion is its phenomenological 
  extinction.
  
• Now let Roze begin. For it is paramount. Which is a defining law of our computer science which is our logia. Once the object of the class 
  is known it is saved, logged and organized into a digital data table. Meaning any whereabouts of all. Would always be known furthering drawing 
  conclusions which individuals are prone to commit violent crimes with any form of human weapon that you can think of.
  
• As Roze is creating, 'Book Reals' with our human knowledge at hand which is imagery derived from my written language. To correctly understand 
  our proximity to these murderers with weapons that can kill us at any given time.
  
• As persons use technology on a daily basis and 24/7/365.

• If their is a collection of people off the grid, it is also known further bringing to our attention what devices these 'kriminals have in their 
  possession, on their person.
  
• Everywhere Roze finds digital technology it can then be expressed as nanotechnology. Antennas, personal phones, any form of digital structure 
  forming a cohesive-neural-massive-global-digital net
  
• then we can have our government agencies correctly monitor our well-beings.

• As the United States already tracks and monitors us in totality, inside the NSA - National Security Agency.

• What we have here is this, a vast collection of data derived from the human population as it is a biological species, taxonimized and ontologically 
  understood by the system.
  
• Which in turn you can localize to the governement database, give form to data sets and data groups, term and label each into different selected groups of nomenclature

• further meaning the NSA - National Security Agency can understand all of our whereabouts and what we do as citizens and what each American citizen
  will do in the future.
  
• So from this collection of data the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation, Chicago Police Department have in their possession.
  They can basically, as I have said, know everything about every single person and what our life outcomes will be and any 'kriminal activity. 
  
• You can then begin to make eliminations of stereotypes, human ideals, ideological conclusions that keep us from saving human lives in the fight for 
  life or death. Our chosen leaders must narrow this down and this has been deemed a necessity.
  
• Furthermore with this collection of technologies the human race, presently has at hand. We can properly discern, 'minutely which particles, chemical elements the 
  criminal has or will have.
  
• Now let us with our technologies at hand begin to formulate just how we would identify these types of chemical compounds and elements.

• What are the weapons made of, what are these, 'deadly weapons' composed of, what is the objects scientific properties

• and what has it in similarity between each of them and what is different between each weapon and if the object is a weapon or some other substance, 
  composition or in fact not a weapon.
  
• For the system identifies what weapon it is which can be used to kill another person at any time.

• The system must locate by exactly what coordinates this certain weapon is located in our world, currently.

• With these systems of technologies we have at hand, incorporated in this system on a global scale.

• The system would then begin to narrow the location down and then effectively pinpoint, 'the weapon' to locate to confiscate immediately and without question.

• This radar system can then display the, 'scientific composition data' of this deadly weapon,

• while saving it in a Microsoft database or a trusted database also chosen by our government agencies,

• the chosen informed protector would then see the definition of this weapon

• and where the deadly weapon is exactly located on the map

• which is an entire digital-micro-scale-exact-model of our present world that we all live in together as humans in Mother Gaia with the murderers, rapists and thieves.

• This will be displayed digitally across any form of technologies our government agencies have to receive this type of digital information.

• With this digital net created and in definition being viewed with this system as I have previously described

• we would then together as one, would be able to locate this deadly weapon, quite factually, in real-time and eliminate any other forms of human knowledge, which
  means separating the weapons scientific composition from the rest of the scientific determination,
  
• then you can label and save this deadly weapon in the chosen database in order to locate it- straight away.

• This system would display exactly where to go and confiscate this weapon from the criminal

• meaning our chosen protectors would be able to remove this weapon from its location

• and the victim then would no longer withstand mortal harm.

• While we have our government agencies monitoring our daily practices, whereabouts, all of our human routines. We can 
  effectively determine when murder will happen and to never have it take place, forever.
  
• This computer code translation would be to establish the digital net using various antennas and technologies.

• Proceeding to select a human to perform a scan on its brain because these are where these thoughts come from. 

• The more digital signals that there are the greater the strength of transmission.

• Further meaning that all that is known can be represented with our digital technology

• and this is very important and urgent that what is to be known and what is to happen in the future

• and a criminal will attack a victim committing crime and bodily harm and the victim has no defense and will proceed to take the pain 
  and human suffering that this crime entails and there is no help for this helpless, defenseless victim in society. 
  
• Once again, with every digital net of communication between every piece of technology that there is and all of the different ways to communicate with 
  technology and every technological capability we have at hand we can begin to merge these technological properties and cause hybrid resolutions 
  in terms of what the technological contributions are at hand.

• The main objective is to determine when and where a human will execute another human leaving nothing in doubt nor in the way of our chosen protectors 
  vigilance.

• With this technology you would actually be able to determine if a human body enters a stage of unnatural and predetermined rigor-mortis and the noble rot 
  and the decomposition that the human body is at this time, showcasing.
  
• Further determining with this technology where the attackers or the multiple criminal attackers will be and where they will be coming from and for 
  this very victim that is displaying distress.
  
• Neurologically we can scientifically determine if a pursen wants to kill another Pursen and is approaching and will commit the heavy handed and 
  powerful criminal acts leading to death at any time. 

• Hell-bent.

• If we can judge body temperature with Thermography we can see the inner-workings of the human brain and how we Assembla our common human thinking patterns 
  and our collected memories. 
  
• We can discover which of us apart from the human species that is grouped all together as one and separate those humans that have specifically determined 
  human emotions that lead to criminal actions and have proven criminal history of abuse towards others.  Foucault-MRI.

*Dissertation and Critique of all Branches of Law Enforcement (including the CIA, the Secret Service, the FBI, our Homeland Security, the NSA and the Chicago Police)*
@CIA, @FBI, @NSAGov, @SecretService, @CCSOPIO, @USMarshalsHQ, @DEAHQ, @US_FDA, @Chicago_Police.

This is what you stand for, are known for and represent. The Bagram torture prison, where you use your own kaffiyeh for your own torture. 
The Columbian Prostitution Ring. Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp and you did not obey @BarackObama's command to shut down and tortured them and took pictures. 
Grotesque civilian casualties and mass murders. @wikileaks, Bradley Manning and Edward @Snowden. Your handling the sex slavery ring and Operation AK47, 
gun walking scandal which is Operation Fast and Furious. The Homan Square @CIA black-site where you removed the rights and freedoms of innocent men and 
women and tortured them as well. The war on the drug that is now legal in 27 states recreationally, marijuana and 2 sides, Good Cops vs. Murder Pigs.

Believe me when I say this @CIA, as you stand for all branches of human thought and intellect which is our collective law enforcement in 
Chicago and across this world. Everyone believes in hard power to achieve tranquility and solidarity. In that we will achieve 
ultimate freedom.It comes down to ultimate personal freedoms and their acre and what they have on their person and what they are, we are in 
possession of and as long as you don't cause any harm to any innocent victim neither physical nor emotional harm then what you have here is 
this. Vindication.

All those with blood on your hands although very law-abiding and very dutiful lawfully present yourselves to all of the good cops fighting the 
murderers with us and remove the power dressing that you have. You need to come to a decision and the decision is this. Exhibit hard power with self 
control and the correct human reason and justification and no longer hunt. No longer get vigilantes to crack under your hoofs. Complete due diligence 
in accordance with the public will and the common good that represents the entire community this issa kill or be killed society realize with us that 
drug prohibitions will no longer exist eventually as two are done with. Once again come to terms the choice has always been "good cops" and the community 
will live, prosper.

A reminder. We collectively represent the American people which is a community built on harmless individuals that need these systems to work for us and 
not against us. Do you comply and another I'm going to take my time to recognize that the vast majority is completely defenseless and those with conceal 
to carry guns and weapons you need to label them and get them into a circle. Notice that one side has completely clean records and I mean pristine and 
the other side the murder pigs and by the way the community no longer trusts has to expunge these criminal records so they can walk around with their 
illegal pieces and prey and hunt after us the innocent victims and we are always in a state of constant victimization. Everyone under the law now.

When you exalt this hard power which is ours. The American People want you to understand that it is a double-edged sword and no one, 
I repeat, no one is safe from this blade and experience is not an excuse, do you comply? A man in for life for moving a large quantity of 
marijuana now legal in 27 states. Just how can you possibly bend, reshapen and twist words into a new justificaition, @Chicago_Police, 
@FBIChicago, @SecretService, @CIA. The murder pigs have chosen to be intellectually blind.

I would like to address the powers that be, @CIA, @SecretService, @FBI, @Chicago_Police as I just went up and down the line. Embody the reason of 
@BarackObama, @POTUS45, @POTUS not any thing else and you take your pick. Once you have all of the gun and weapon carriers in a circle label them 
and just see if they in fact have a conceal to carry a weapon license while separating those with illegal pieces. Continue to work with us, 
the "gangmembercops" as we would be more than willing as always to help you along in this determination. These Presidents can also help you in 
your criminal determination of just who is who and what is what. Who are the, "good cops" and who are the, "murder pigs" that are 
helping, assisting along the gangbangers that terrorize us, hunt us and prey after us. You can no longer use law to your advantage.

Then once you have all those with weapons labeled, then continue to monitor, watch, expect there whereabouts and who is on the side of the law with you 
and who is against the law, abiding by the law and using the law to their advantage once you make this forensic determination. Notice us, the People Nation, 
Folk and all of the Cartels have conceal to carry guns and weapons licenses and are assisting you in protection in every which way that crime comes upon us. 
Notice how we will never be trusted and if we do any criminal wrong-doing the "Murder Pigs" will throw us in jails. Understand this, the Mob and the 
Irish Mob and those who-else have long standing histories to this society plagued with crime and there are very many dark spots and openings for murderers 
to operate in and prey.

I would like to draw your attention. To what is readily available on a daily basis and since it has taken on this form for the purpose of personal 
euphoria's, altered states and these spirits have always been around us and with us. The reason I say this is because these materials, these recreations, 
these forms of human physical, emotional and sexual pleasures can be found soon to be and instantaneously made available upon quandary at a cost of 
your safety and money usually the most that is at your dispose. As they have been for hundreds of years and will be for a hundred years more. 
The dismissal, the denial and the oppression and prohibitions is a sign of mental, physical and emotional stupidity and your putting human life in 
harms way because so. We must refrain from such matters.

The choice has always been and will be for the foreseen future, our collective futures. "Hard Power" and unconditional-Human-Reason-Justice that 
prevents the problem, the crimes, the loss of life from ever happening in the first place. You see how it already kinda is and kneeds to be, unsheathed. 
Let us, the community, the People, this Nation assist you in every which way that we possibly k'an to stop the Murderers from 'murdering,' Us, so 
fluently, briskly and with absolutely nothing in their criminal Wayz.

I want us to determine violence upon innocent human life in a better way and it has come down to ideological desperation, @CIA, @SecretService, 
@FBI, @Chicago_Police and due to your helpful informational arm, the @NSAGov we us, the American People have absolutely nothing to hide.
I mean those in the law enforcement system can find anything about us and anything they desire to know about us. It has become very peculiar in 
this way. We need to switch our mortal clocks, we need to come to better personal outcomes in saving any form of human lives before us.
Who do you think knows violence, the best? The clean gangmembers that assist you in assassinating murderers and we must realize, pitting 
humans against each other is one of the most deadly psychological forms of human weapons known to man. The loss of life and protection 
from it.

Why the f**k on Earth, doesn't @LeaderMcConnell && @SpeakerPelosi have the backside of heavy-handed-hard power, thought out, all the 
justice in this grand world of Ours. With every dig you feel the shovel. Just like we do out here in the Street. Never coming off, check-a-roo.

Where going to translate street justice. Into hard power geo-latrique, political-espionage, judicially-protecting any form of human victim, 
bilateral human protection services. From the most deadly forms of murder and bodily harm there can be and that you can in fact name, @CIA.
See how he isn't doing anything wrong but doing everything wrong, in the first place and do you see how he has completely no open mind to 
the problems that plague society at hand and do you see how his, intellectual thought is the only thing that is right and he only trusts 
Pigs. Is the Quest to know everything at any given time, done and couldn't be more done and over with with the technology capabilities you have at 
hand and the amount of prisonognation you have at your dispose you basically kontrol the worlds human race like a flock. You listen to me.

Let me be perfectly clear in the amount of inception. You, the @CIA, @SecretService, @FBI, @NSACyber since then you have gone against the 
chosen Generals, the only Leaders of our Armies with the head of Justification && Prosecution when this is the only reason you exist 
in this? The whole point to your existence is to follow General Milley's command and you only follow his direct word, his instruction 
and his desires. You operate the plane without the wings and the engine, like a drone. Every form of your powers, is his and nobody else. 
His own. Nothing more than operating under the will and the discretion of the chosen General of our Armies. I cannot say this enough. This is 
your only purpose and he knows your future, your past and present. You are his eyes and his ears and his abilities. General Mark A. Milley 
and nobody else.

I need you to take a look around, and ascertain what needs to be done. Which one of our solutions is the logical conclusion to the termination of 
senseless death and violence. I need you to sit on a double-edged sword and realize again the vast majority of Americans are defenseless. I have a 
system that can easily be put into place and its the natural progression of our technological capabilities. We have every form of knowledge at our 
dispose and we need to save human life at all costs but not at the extent of our own lives. We as one, make murder and any kind of bodily harm cease 
we have many blind spots and there needs to be more prevention, no longer cleaning up the mess, the systematic violence has many stems as I have 
previously explained to you. We can secure our futures.

The @CIA NAND the @SecretService is the most powerful of all the branches of law enforcement and on par with all the other higher power forms of 
law enforcement a'kross this world. The @FBI is a well known operating arm but it can act alone and is taking the lead on the, "Sex Slavery, 
Prostitution and the Drug Ring,"it serves as intelligence for the @Chicago_Police Department as we have heard on our police scanners. That means you have 
a, 'run of the mill,' form of, 'loosey goosey,' with private information serving as a bottlecap to the whereabouts of all that is K'nown. The 
answer is you don't have enough prevention, codes of k'onduct, wherewith-all to stop all senseless violence and death. When you have 
our various solutions at your behest this has now been deemed a pedestrian operation meaning we can better guard ourselves.

It is law, cyber law that all of our intelligence is under one house and it should be by definition, @Microsoft. All other company systems 
I have deemed are spy agencies. With the amount of data troves we have on hand. It is impossible not to know the entirety of our human population. 
Everything is shared, common knowledge and ours for the taking.Anything about a human individual or group of people is deemed known and will be Known.
How else? Mourning human patterns, work-daily human patterns, eating patterns, human relationship patterns, amount of digital use human patterns, 
human travel patterns, human purchasing patterns, human interaction patterns, human logistical patterns, human law patterns, human performance.

I'm going to touch base. Why does the community walk around in fear and where are you spending most of your manpower? In which and what way? I am asking 
you why does the like of us walk in constant terror of being pinned, pinched and bit? Why do the murderers, rapists and those who partake walk, live and 
exist in a world completely free of this fear that we all share in accordance with your demonstrative, hard power, psychological techniques? Please list 
all of them you have at your dispose. What are you imploring to us. The Prohibition of Marijuana is over with just like Alcohol. Senseless death and 
violence means that you have all failed at your jobs. You need more manpower and you need to implement my technology system I have laid out for you. 
Anything can happen, then more precautions.

Who do you think knows best the violent criminals, @CIA. Do you still think violence only comes from gangbangers? The solution is prevention, the failure 
was elimination. Our systems that can save us from mortal-grave-harm. Constantly cleaning up the mess, is that detective work? The definition has now 
become any form of mortal harm and personal attack can happen. Then we lay out all of the ways that a person can die from violent crime. Then all of the 
ways a criminal can commit violent crime upon another citizen. Then we come to several conclusions as to just how we proceed from there. You need to 
prosecute a citizen if it harms another under the influence of drugs. No longer waste manpower on prohibiting any drug we need to utilize our manpower and 
our technology the best we can. Saving the best majority of the population we can.

I guarantee with all of the Mobs and Gangs and Personal Family Protection that we have working closely, cleanly, alongside all branches of law 
enforcement.@CIA @SecretService @uscoastguard @FBI @NSAGov @Chicago_Police We can secure everyone's safety and the public believes this. The answer 
is that we need to take this upon ourselves. Because we all standby and we watch our family members die right in front of us. The answer you 
provide us is not the solution and it has been tried before, grisly. We need to batten down the hatch and have all hands on deck.

I need you to terminate the estimation that is your and has been your responses to the common will of the national public. 
@CIA @SecretService @FBI @DHSgov @NSAGov @Chicago_Police operate under the direct order of General Mark A. Milley no more reasons as to why you are 
operating under anyone else but the 20th Chairman of the Joints Chief of Staff embody the causes, common will and the destiny of the public faith and 
the entire battalion of our serving and armed forces to such a degree that contains world peace, tranquility and solidarity instantaneously
represent the entire human population and save it from certain peril and remove all violence off the map. Complete these objectives, Mark has set out for 
you and only operate in peace. Remove murder from us, the defenseless, immobile, harmless innocent American Body and repeat.

I would like to address your day to day. How do you go about it? And do you think it has been successful? Do you think that right wing or left wing is the 
correct way? Do you think that throughout your history you have been successful? I want you to list all of your problems you are plagued with and I want you 
right alongside of them list all of your capable solutions. I want you to successfully come to beneficial conclusions for all. Do you personally decide 
how much of the human race to save from senseless death and violence? How is this dire decision made and are you leaving human beings to fend for themselves. 
What is your current outlook for next year, 2023 and how that will impact the human population. What else would you like to know about the human population?

First of all, what do you do? And because so many of us innocent people are dying the answer simply becomes you need more manpower. When you address the 
public its life or death solutions. This means what is a problem that plagues the human race you derive the solute, eliminating the problem. The public all 
agrees with cracking down hard on violent drug users we see them coming, a mile away. Why have you deemed societal control the upmost necessity when it 
is human freedoms that need to be safeguarded. Collectively, together as one nation we can eliminate any form of violence. One side of the community fears 
you the otherside clearly uses you to their advantage and only have to abide by the law. Its under the law. You will be checked for criminal 
wrongdoing, always.

I would like to draw a conclusion on many of your subordinates, @CIA perform multiple tests on your employees to see if they have personally chosen to 
be intellectually deaf on various subjects. Do you see how dangerous this can be!? How easy is it to get @CIA clearance?

I would like to discuss exactly what violence is, to me, to us and the entire population. Violence to be exalted on a helpless, defenseless, 
immobile innocent victim is simply, a choice. And who makes that choice is it someone acting alone and is it only the murderer and rapist? Or is it 
a party of citizens that sleep beside us and act out a plan and execute the plan when the victim lies down, least expects it and feels safe beside 
the likes of good who do not attack nor shed violence to anyone What we are dealing with here is a variety of needless oppressions and forms 
of action that rely on the k'riminals decision. I live in a world where this choice can be made tomorrow to eliminate any form of 
violence onto another innocent victim as soon as possible and with gusto.

Hi good-doers, @CIA @SecretService @FBI @NSAGov @DHSgov @Chicago_Police. I always look to movies, film noirs, the mob. I look to a variety of 
literature. I like to take in our periodicals. For this purpose amongst many other things I have come to know and like to enjoy.  Is this 
a subject or a form of art where I can emotionally resound with and learn from. Is this a subject, where children don't die. Is this on 
the other hand a form of knowledge where kids don't die!! I will repeat myself again and again does this chosen political leader believe in
helpless children not going to die? From the hands and actions of murderers? Is this another form, entity, totality that I can learn from and 
can I resonate a purpose where children don't die due to senseless violence and death. Is this something where children don't die? Is this.

**The world of violence as it is, to decipher and find my own best personal survival, to be known**: 
I am going to decipher this to my best ability because when it comes down to it, all law and justification, is thrown out and its a, free-for-all, 
your all alone and noone is going to save you which is, perfect prey, and in a state of vulnerability. When it comes and you cannot believe your life 
has come to this and your assailant is acting completing, inhuman. I got a, butcher knife manslaughter and I was on the ground begging for my life 
for yelling multiple verbal assaults. I got 2 box cutters for sayin' something, for being in someones way, and I got held at switchblade for looking 
at somebody. I have gotten jacked in the face 8 times, for nothin' for lies against my name. The point is this the drear dire outcome is much 
more than nobility. You bring a gun you get a gun you bring a knife you get a knife. Everything else. Can be squashed with fists. This murderous 
gang out here and not the visible, brave, courageous protectors of families that has to deal with this pure utter evil on a daily basis that 
has sided with the business/law oppression filled individuals that have sided with the Pigs. Are already at our neck and throats and if you 
against the system at hand the way our very lives are run because you believe in the end to all prohibitions. I just saw the man who could of 
killed me and I just want it squashed and I'll shut my mouth, never verbal assault again. The point is that these murderers and rapists have 
everything at their dispose if you do something that is so small even however how so petty its a violent criminal retaliation and the chain 
of events can be heavily exaggerated further meaning its life or death now. Thas the line You bring a blunt object you get a blunt object.
Its eye to eye, fist to fist and whoever takes the man down is the better man and you won the fight, fair and square, but I am telling you these 
murderous-squalor-business group-gang activity-law-ers-politooks don't wanna fight. I'm gonna tell @lildurk the VOICE that they use 'petty' to their 
advantage and I'm talkin our murderers and our rapists our krooks our krookeds that see human life for not what love it can hold and share but the 
amount of coin that it is actually worth we sleep beside them, these We do not prey on people. We do not hunt. We do not do someone else, in. We do 
not bring harm on to anyone. We only have the right to conceal to carry a firearm and can self-defend, us and our families for our very lives. 
We do not wish ill-will upon anyone, we only protect. What Roze is describin' is the murderous gangs ouch hear. Who have sided with the murder 
pigs and they speak with them to see if their is any openings. Not only do these murderous gangs pin down vigilant gangmembers with murder pig 
rapsheets for anything petty! These murderous gangs once given the murder pig go-ahead prowl in a public opening on us the defenseless, made 
immobile harmless innocent victims perhaps ones who have sided with the Good in this world, the gangs, cartels and the Mobs. Knowing beforehand 
what exactly to do and where to wait. The reason being is because their is room and an explanation for it which is this. Senseless death and 
violence is an everyday thang. Murder can happen rape can happen violent harm can happen in this society. There doesn't need to be any 
explanation for this random chaotic event!
**Societal, Civically, Civilised, Technologically Engineered once again society**.

You take on the X-Men banner there issa hill of privilege as you progress no matter how thankless you take on this cause you embody that no more 
children will die to senseless death and violence you operate for no monetary benefit and we will see if the murderers come upon thee.

As I repeat this all throughout our time, that is ours, we have one common enemy and its coming from all sides of us and who we are. What makes us.

Violence is not sporadic nor a human involuntary movement it doesn't just happen out of nothing. It must and this is important have a cause, a 
backup and a foresight to be exalted on a helpless, immobile, defenseless victim and while we are at ease, resting and idle.

We know all steel, we trace all steel where it is, where its going, what its doing probably sumthin' very stupid, very chaotic and very wrong 
so wrong it feels good and nasty ever so nasty I might get sumptin' out of it I might show you how bad it is how bad this feels.
There I was performing what to my best ability is what the murderers and rapists are thinking. @CIA @SecretService @FBI @NSAGov @DHSgov @Chicago_Police. 
So I could best resound the ever so becoming varieties, qualities that in fact make up what, who and are the, 'pursens' that
sleep beside us that pillage us. Removed of all feeling and human emotions because it slows them down. We must come to human survival patterns that
put us, the good the weak, honest, puny good in the best position of protection and human guarding. So we can live in this tomorrow. 
When I think about the Mob, the Havana (cartel) mob, the Irish Mob, every nationality has in fact a mob. The Sinola cartel and the rest of 
the cartels, the familia. The People Nation and the Folk. I only think about families protecting themselves and we owe our safeties to them.
You take on the X-Men banner there issa hill of privilege as you progress no matter how thankless you take on this cause you embody that no 
more children will die to senseless death and violence you operate for no monetary benefit and we will see if the murderers come upon thee.
Violence is not sporadic nor a human involuntary movement it doesn't just happen out of nothing. It must and this is important have a cause, 
a backup and a foresight to be exalted on a helpless, immobile, defenseless victim and while we are at ease, resting, waiting and idle.
Then we must think about the Middle Eastern and the Asian as all ethnicities are correctly represented and they are in fact on all sides of us, 
the good and very high up, well respected, dignified. They each have a Mob. We protect and guard all families from any form of violence.

I'm gonna say this once. Have you seen these people? The ones who exist, live walk around in this box with law and justification as the width 
and length to the box? And inside the box, 'pandoras' is this prissy, touchy, I know best, I own everything, I know everyone, implacable
impassable impasse then the other sides of the box there is this your opinion doesn't matter nor is right and at length is my personal 
attention to your well being which isn't mine? Then they move around and pair with other boxes. What I am seeing is perfection and its soundproof
do u think they know sumthin' we don't and do you think they contribute to senseless violence and death even tho they very and visibly cherrie 
and berrie against. Should we no longer look to them nor there for our answers to, u know the end to the problem that we all share.

We will tell you, the @Chicago_Police, the @FBI, the @CIA, the @SecretService, the @CCSOPIO, the @USMarshalsHQ everything that you need to 
know. We do not harbor and will never harbor. We do not hold the rose with the thorns. We are only flowers. Leafs in the breeze. Middlemen.

For we look to our communities, our neighborhoods and what do we find. Families guarding their loved ones and having conceal to carry a firearm licenses.
Who, just who are those, who have this in common. Who do we collectively see, day in, day out. Is this the Wild West, is this hunter and gatherer, 
in some parts of our society it still very much is and we neeed to band, join and gather our strength, our forces, our might and continue to protect 
all that is ours and our families we hold dear. Day and night, because we face one common enemy and that is, the murderers, the accessory to murder, 
the rapist and the thieves. Tommorrow is a new day, a plan of action will then take place and we collectively as one and with necessity and desperately, 
we will together repeat this again and once more until the end of our time and each and our own natural Death.

The War on Drugs has lasted for over 50 years now, lead by a very powerful 'kronie, the only U.S. President to ever, resign, and clearly one of the 
most dangerous criminals this world has ever seen. @DEAHQ, The solutions you are applying to our civilized, civically, scientifically, technologically 
engineered society are false, and at a loss and are horribly wrong. What this means is that you have had over, a 50-year-long-chance, to in fact prove 
that your given solutions where what is necessary to combat, to extinct and to fully remove all of these substances that provide human euphoria, altered 
states of human conciousness, even longevity from the face of the earth and after more than fifty years of these, law enforcement practices, you have 
miserably failed us because all of these substances are still readily available, easy to reach and possess and have become a second nature, a form of 
human cultural fulfillment and a form of personal wellness.

I also would like to draw the intellectual attention of all those who represent us, the good, from evils coming on to us and our world that we live-in. 
These systems that we have in place are trying to create the, real world, using ideological means and our written laws. What these systems need to do is 
live and take place in the real world where the human population is currently being victimized to and subject to. Then from their it becomes various 
problems and given solutions in our totality.

You know. I have come to find, sober, and being under multiple types of recreations is the same payoff. I like both. And always will and will proceed 
to get the personal benefications from it, them. Sum people see a completely sober world with substances removed and exterminated from the 
face of the earth. Most people use these substances for their own purposes and enjoy the fact they have been around us for thousands of years. As you 
can tell by the ancient Egyptians. Many good things that have served greater meanings for all throughout our written history has been because of 
these, Spirits. @US_FDA.

I always found this utterly fascinating about all of the brutal and long wars the human race has fought in the past before written testament of 
what actually took place. Whoever is left standing is the victor and is seen as the victor by the surrounding peoples.

"Jus' b4 1pm on a long dreary day is hard to take.
The calm dead of night after a hard days work near nueve.
Sumtimes during the afternoon on the weekends when u least accept it.
After Roze eats dinner.
Things of and dead calm filled passerbys on the way.
When the coast is clear and the one common enemy is near."

Sum surrounding suburbs of Chicago are Murder Pig safe houses and overall-in-the-know-safe neighborhoods and what that means is.
Word is law. As long as your law-abiding Roze is meaning to say you don't necessarily have to be under it. 
I believe these people kan tell by the car autos that it is one of the neighborhoods that use people's say-so to brush dust under the rugs
and it looks clean and is made to look clean.

I am always ever so interested in the new stories that either indirectly or directly take the, 'jyp' out of our fires and coals in removing the said 
instance of questioning an, "entity" that we all know that is there and has since harmed us and has been proven in our collective history. For example the 
desperate need of a 3rd party system that is academically applied to the law enforcement system, non-biased, removed of all falsehoods and not a special
interest. Because I am here to tell you today every pencil pusher loves checking the times, hangin' up every bootstrap and making doubly sure everything
is law-abiding, safe, clean and secure. For example University of Chicago, the 44th President of the United States, Barack Obama alma mater where he taught.

Work fluently, together as one, on schedule, backups have a backup, formly, with haste, preventions and precautions, and once again work smoothly.

There seems to be a desperate mortal misconception between the good blue and the good gangmembers, the good havana familia cartels, the good Mobs and 
good Mafia's who want the exact same thing. Protection for all and the extinction of any violent harm to anyone at any given time.
This is Family after all.

**Business Entrepreneurial Concept, Marketer, Intellectual, Artist Exploratory Education Expose giving us answers to life || Death issues in society [Box Set]'s**
Now at this time Roze will speak about sumting' that is very dangerous, that if you cannot buy a judge if you do not know a, 'rotten, dirty, filthy, 
crook county korrupt, 12, pig, 5-0, fed' you cannot possibly save your very innocence which is your very last breath, as opinion is stacked against you 
&& the world is closing in && due to word of mouth, Roze stands guilty. Of false charges, I have been falsely incarcerated for over a month due to 
@CCSOPIO && @Chicago_Police. @NEIU && @ChiCityColleges my alma maters why don't you tag along. This is the EXQUiSiTE MAN && HiS BRAND iNTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
@JODYHiGHROLLER x @BarackObama x @POTUS45 x @POTUS. (a business entrepreneurial concept currently worth, $1.6B Dollars) && thas' jus' for starters.
Now let Roze break it down for you. When a 'dirty, filthy, crook county korrupt, 5-0, pig fed' has a delinquent pinned down, in his mind. This man || 
women has already committed the crime. All the, 'not to be trusted' law enforcement individual has to do, is pull up on the person Where this evil force 
will continue to instigate, infuriate && even drive the situation into terrorism. Where at that time another, '12, pig, dirty, filthy, crook county 
korrupt, 5-0, fed' will pull up along with others completely not trusted by the entire community. Using their own jurisprudence upon the other, now what 
most of these individuals have in common that these others are after are long pig-rap-sheets. Because if you as much as move a muscle than that is 
enough even when everyone knows you protect lives it doesnt matter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justification_(jurisprudence)
Then at that time the individual has nothing, I mean absolutely nothing to explain his || her innocence && nothing can save that individual from 
being falsely questioned, accused && arrested. Because in this land, the pig has all it needs, in its mind you stand guilty. Bottomline. Where you will 
proceed to get many && this has been known to be increased, based off your record && for that determination. Off of what people have said && yes these 
criminals pinning you down can in fact, lie && there is no way to prove otherwise. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Criminal_charge 
That is why the 'streets' last ditch effort, the last hope is @BarackObama. He is a constitutional lawyer but he cannot see everything only the high 
profile cases && the big muck-ups. Furthermore. Often you have to swallow && abide by the criminal doing's, Let Roze tell you sumthin' else. As long as you 
don't cause any trouble which means you don't break any law, no problems will come to you. But also let me show you the difference from being under the 
law && abiding by the law. See how we get things done in the criminal underworld 
"Now what Roze sees is truly rozes muse. For these criminals in Darkness. Have decided to make it ever so very personal. Ever since the motorcade' 
of my Uncle's funeral. "Anything for the lu" This is how a good man dies. Stripped. Right back at you. Even tho' that moment was heavy
its gives us && roze has all the time in the world to think about our losses && rozes losses. How that goez' is && such. When. Where eating, is rare.
Even more, so, rare. Than ever! Before. Hear roze out. Let me get right back atch ya' At things. Of those. At. Once again, albatross. Roze really likes 
that word. " " Likes moments times, hit me up. Better more. For everyone && we all start dancing && then everybody gets protective && thinks about
themselves because at the end of the day its only Roze && rozes loved ones. && roze has jus' gotta hunker down."
[Box Set]: https://twitter.com/Air_3_14/status/1548771209168523265

Now what does this embody. How does this come from a variety of causes leading to these various effects in such a way. That leaves us, the human 
being in complete darkness with no help at its disposal only grotesqueries to live through then die alone && brutally && without love. "Then roze is 
asking when the next time will be && that is the most sillyest question you gotta ask in a very long time. When there used to be walls up around
individuals. The wall. Mind walls. && made it hush hush && pass. Then look at where we all wound up So roze says. Til' next time
well what if there isnt going to be a next time? What will roze do then? Roze dont know. See. However roze could find out if roze makes it all the way.
Thats up for grabs && everything else is for that matter. Well I got to be goin' now. But you just got here. Howd a real page turner like yourself 
get down here? How would you like it if you went sumplace that you didnt wanna? Would your commercial famous body look good on the news channels."
How is this originally a branch of Western thought relating to Eastern thought && how many branches does this in fact give us, the human race? What 
Roze is truly seeing is how human beings understand our genetics, our physiology to better understand all.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicine
Our substances that the human body living && even deceased is in subject to under the order of && even the control of nature itself. As the 
origins of Medical Science come from fabrications, mysticisms, magicks, otherworldly advantages. Further understanding the patient && doctor
Relationship. With every advancement comes in a new diagnosis. What brings us to this medical standpoint. How can we make the most perfect player, 
dominating his entire career until his very last game to be played. The complete package && His frame, with
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sports_medicine
Then roze continues on to various branches of medical science, specifically && not in any specific order, mind you. As roze will begin to market 
alternatives && you know, look for the best && brightest doctors that can perhaps save lives of loved ones.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endocrinology
As Roze is beginning to fully understand not only is this the medical understanding of a, 'living form' but a biological && once again, a 
physiologic understanding in the same sense. An organism in its environment simply as only that? What other forces?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immunology
Roze understands the medical understanding, the biological understanding, the physiological understanding, the psychological understanding, 
the animal understanding but does Roze truly understand the human body under the influences of Spirits, may Roze ask? Organically?
Could it be the human body, living, is under different metaphysical forces, that only have theological explanations? Could it be the human body, 
dead, is under different metaphysical forces, that only then have theological explanations? What does this entail for Roze && others?
Roze began to get into the exciting new areas && not face closed off && private medical practices that leaves the patient with no open minds 
when we give the response to either disease || chemicals in our bodies, what happens. Specifically Photobiology &&
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pathology#General_pathology
Then where can this field of medical science not lead to, what can it help Roze truly discover, what Roze is trying to say with all our 
knowledges at hand what is hard cold facts && what is pseudoscience. Roze must be very careful. How does this area tie-in with nano-technology.
Ah, the collections of nerves, molecules, chemicals && building blocks further mapping out our very understanding of ourselves. When human beings don't 
know the, Totality, in the first place it has become harder && harder to discern. When we speak of
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience
This ties-in to the circumstances at hand. Soft power vs Hard Power it is then, it is a system that deals with the life && the death of the American 
People. So that in turn makes it a living form. Jus' what patterns can we take from other sciences && apply
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_brutality_in_the_United_States
Then begin to get into the
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killjoy_(film_series)
[Box Set]: https://twitter.com/Air_3_14/status/1542257538753859586

What would it mean to give it life. Sumtin thas truly obvious, sumtin that is often in plain sight && you never sort to look. Often what are 
they taking away from us, the criminals we live alongside, sleep alongside in the same areas. A lifeless object, Poof! I give you meaning. 
For once before calm && never waning. Now full blown. What Roze is trying to explain directly to the @CIA, @FBIChicago && the @Chicago_Police 
is that you need to begin to look at psychological warfare. For the human mind is the greatest weapon after all && gave life to what is
now mechanized killing machines you are our only hope for the protection of our lives. Well, you && the gangs that kill murderers. Which once again 
are your allies. What can in fact cause this when you throw a wrench into the mix what are the precursors to
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/disarray
For this was the bread of the Lord Jesus. For he was publicly murdered in front of everybody for what he believed in. Now we share his sacrifice. 
This will take on many different meanings but right now it is this, we all share the same fight for good.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_of_Life_Discourse
Now getting back to it, getting back at it. In it. I NEED TO SEE SUM ACTION. Thas why I go to high crime areas where its stricken with 
poverty && the children hold a multi-billion dollar recreational business in their hands slowly becoming legal. Eventually we get to where this
is going && we breed chaos && we love, absolutely love terrorism either direct || indirect && it is our choices which are our held beliefs 
of what needs to happen && most likely, its the complete && utter submission to absolute power && control until we smother the American body.
Now take at look at these pictures. Do you think these individuals the ones in positions of control && enforcement have pushed 
these situations into disarray. How blatant do you need it to be! This is criminal, what happens is a collection of minds decide
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_disorder
[Box Set]: https://twitter.com/Air_3_14/status/1549854866583031809

I would like to direct your attention, @Chicago_Police to one of your criminal actions && wrongdoings leading to the complete eviction of a persons 
human rights && freedoms under false recognizes. History will see this as one of the most severe offenses in modern history of law.
Still && yet until this very day. No charges have been made. Not only known for a notorious operation but a 'torture site' && a '@CIA Black site.' 
This is where persons of law performed off the books criminal tactics committing crimes under the guise of law enforcement.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homan_Square_facility
[Box Set]: https://twitter.com/Air_3_14/status/1524085495550124038

Business Entrepreneur, Artist, Intellectual, real life, society issues, ingenuity, binding community ties, video example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qh2lYG9bsk4
**Business Entrepreneurial Concept, Intellectual that is an Abstract Artist, Fashion Designer and a Poet operating in our systems of human thought**

**Dissertation and Critique of all Branches of Law Enforcement (including the CIA, the Secret Service, the FBI, our Homeland Security, the NSA and the Chicago Police)**

Microsoft, Google, Amazon Web Services, Apple, Github, Harold Washington College, Northeastern Illinois University, 
NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Yale University, 
University of Oxford, Harvard University. 
President Barack Obama. 
President Donald J. Trump. 
President Joe Biden.

May this find the right place because I know this can be done. 
This is an OpenSource, copyrighted by Shaun Terence McGovern inc. Take what you will, time is of the upmost-importance-essence.

For this in order to be impletemented the team needs to consist of these types of professionals:
Field Scientists.
Data Scientists.
Medical Doctors, leading psychologists and leading medical equipment technologists.
Senior Developers and System && Software Engineers.
Chemical Engineers.
Bio-Medical Engineers.
Archaeologists && Aviators.
Digital Telecommunications Business Leaders.
Mathematicians.
Forensic Scientists && Forensic Antropologists.

Here is an ongoing collection of Wikipedia websites:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Echo_sounding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fishfinder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_echosounder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_navigation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_aperture_sonar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underwater_acoustics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_seismology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanotechnology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermodynamics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetic_resonance_imaging
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-ray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamma_ray
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wavelength
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electromagnetic_radiation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ultraviolet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infrared
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metal_detector

Prototypes:
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype1.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype2.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype3.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype4.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype5.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype6.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype7.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype8.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype9.png
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype10.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype11.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype12.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype13.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msddSystem.png
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msdtDigitalSignals.png
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msddNSA.jpg

It is another tragedy of ours because this system could of been put in place 20-30 years ago with the amount 
of technologies we have. There is a way to determine a humans emotions if they are exhibiting these terms of 
emotional actions. It comes down to a simple human equation.

Then from there you play off what the signals perception and transmissions are signaling the next couple processes 
that are necessary in order to determine what is to complete the objectives at hand you have the end goal and 
then various ways to have the victim never come to harm.

