If Roze understands these sciences then he would better understand the totality of his current understanding of his reality shared with others in this 
world. In the past and in the future of all human senses. This is the culmination of known elements and materials being logged into our digital or 
actual databases. Now the object is to make it perfectly humane and habitable. So every piece of scientific modification, tracking, methods is with us 
for teams to incorporate. Medical, chemical, biological, photobiological, biochemical, physics, physiological, sonar, thermal, radar, echo sounds, 
finders, navigation, synthetic aperture, acoustics, reflection seismology and nanotechnologies. To get a better picture of what kind of power we have as 
a human race to monitor potential life outcomes of the entire human population as a whole as it deals with the murderer on a daily basis and we are forced 
to live alongside these criminals that can take our lives at any moment. These technologies can find any material of certain previously determined 
compounds under the water and can detect a variety of other elements thousands of meters away in real-time which is actual. Human bodies have distinct 
solids stored in ourselves for the rest of our natural lives that solidify, this is the current medical standpoint. Roze can lead a perfect, personal 
nutritional livelihood and I can proceed to exercise everyday, this is where these ideas first began to take shape in order to monitor my health, 
24/7/365. Vibrant Health. I can then shape what kind of body I want with my nutrition and fully know my current health day to day to better protect 
myself from any infliction. Because I had to cut sum pleasure meals out and eliminate them completely. Our technology capabilities can be incorporated 
into any pair of Nike shoes that have digital trackers and your Apple Watch can take an ECG, blood oxygen level, heartbeat, blood pressure and weight. 
What this system can do is find a specific, 'minute compound of any certain mineral or chemical or element through any structure and any, 'body of of 
human knowledge,' that is currently known. Any type of chemical form can be found at any given time. I am the man who originally thought of WhatsApp. 
This is the same idea if there is a digital signal there is a way to communicate with other digital devices and receive information. With the power of 
these listed technologies, sonar and all of its related technologies along with all of the human race's amount of mobile technologies, digital antennas. 
We can together be able to discern what is necessary in order to defeat violence, murder and rape. We already have a vast collection of electronic 
devices at hand, old and new. Once you complete all of a digital machine's logical properties. The next step is to draw the natural and final computer 
scientists' progressions and conclusions. Then the scientist must update the system for a new age and dawn. Anything that is electronic can give a 
system digital information. In the same way all other sources of electronics can be used for and known for. Then with all of this available Roze can 
begin to build a complete map of all our jurisdictions and a criminal's potential actions with any kind of weapon. From this standpoint you have an 
entire digital-micro-scale world that is exactly like Roze's said present one at the same time in real-time which is our shared human reality in nature. 
Roze the scientist, can then locate any chemical substance and then proceed to successfully remove it from the planet Earth. Then our protectors who 
preserve our well being can fortify, with every precaution known to man then identify and prepare then eliminate the future human mortal problem. 
"Hang up every bootstrap." The human race is not meant to live alongside senseless death and violence, the logical conclusion is its phenomenological 
extinction. Now let Roze begin. For it is paramount. Which is a defining law of our computer science which is our logia. Once the object of the class 
is known it is saved, logged and organized into a digital data table. Meaning any whereabouts of all. Would always be known furthering drawing 
conclusions which individuals are prone to commit violent crimes with any form of human weapon that you can think of. As Roze is creating, 
'Book Reals' with our human knowledge at hand which is imagery derived from my written language. To correctly understand our proximity to these 
murderers with weapons that can kill us at any given time. As persons use technology on a daily basis and 24/7/365. If their is a collection of 
people off the grid, it is also known further bringing to our attention what devices these 'kriminals have in their possession, on their person. 
Everywhere Roze finds digital technology it can then be expressed as nanotechnology. Antennas, personal phones, any form of digital structure 
forming a cohesive-neural-massive-global-digital net then we can have our government agencies correctly monitor our well-beings. As the United 
States already tracks and monitors us in totality, inside the NSA - National Security Agency. What we have here is this, a vast collection of data 
derived from the human population as it is a biological species, taxonimized and ontologically understood by the system. Which in turn you can 
localize to the governement database, give form to data sets and data groups, term and label each into different selected groups of nomenclature 
further meaning the NSA - National Security Agency can understand all of our whereabouts and what we do as citizens and what each American citizen
will do in the future. So from this collection of data the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
Chicago Police Department have in their possession. They can basically, as I have said, know everything about every single person and what our life 
outcomes will be and any 'kriminal activity. You can then begin to make eliminations of stereotypes, human ideals, ideological conclusions that keep 
us from saving human lives in the fight for life or death. Our chosen leaders must narrow this down and this has been deemed a necessity. Furthermore 
with this collection of technologies the human race, presently has at hand. We can properly discern, 'minutely which particles, chemical elements the 
criminal has or will have. While we have our government agencies monitoring our daily practices, whereabouts, all of our human routines. We can 
effectively determine when murder will happen and to never have it take place, forever.

Microsoft, Google, Meta: Mark Zuckerberg, Amazon Web Services, Apple, Github, Harold Washington College, Northeastern Illinois University, 
NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Yale University, 
University of Oxford, Harvard University. 
President Barack Obama. 
President Donald J. Trump. 
President Joe Biden.

May this find the right place because I know this can be done.

Here is an ongoing collection of Wikipedia websites:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Echo_sounding
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fishfinder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_echosounder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Submarine_navigation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthetic_aperture_sonar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underwater_acoustics
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_seismology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanotechnology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radar

Prototypes:
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype1.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype2.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype3.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype4.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype5.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype6.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/prototype7.jpg
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msddSystem.png
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msdtDigitalSignals.png
/Radar Sonar Thermal Compass/schematics/msddNSA.jpg




